(docs)troubleshooting - add JS error (#1948)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/common-maximum-call-stack-exceeded.md

---
title: JSException Maximum Call Stack Size Exceeded
description: Learn what causes the Maximum call stack size exceeded error and how to fix it.
type: troubleshooting
page_title: How to Fix JSException Maximum Call Stack Size Exceeded
slug: common-kb-maximum-call-stack-exceeded
tags: telerik, blazor, troubleshooting, javascript, js-error, exception
ticketid: 1641599, 1638959, 1639186, 1638288, 1642561, 1645266, 1641021
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>UI for Blazor</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

This knowledge base article deals with the `Maximum call stack size exceeded` error.

## Error Message

>warning Microsoft.JSInterop.JSException: Maximum call stack size exceeded
>
> RangeError: Maximum call stack size exceeded

## Cause

The possible causes for the `Maximum call stack size exceeded` error are:

> * Using an old version of Telerik UI for Blazor (4.5.0 and older) in .NET 8.

Reviewer: Don't use "old" and "new" when [referencing product versions](https://docs.telerik.com/style-guide/vocabulary#list-of-terms). Use "earlier" and "later" instead.
```suggestion
* Using an old version of Telerik UI for Blazor (4.5.0 and earlier) in .NET 8.
```

* Updating an existing app to .NET 8 without updating Telerik UI for Blazor.

> * Using different versions of Telerik UI for Blazor in different projects in your solution. Some of the versions are older than 4.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using different versions of Telerik UI for Blazor in different projects in your solution. Some of the versions are earlier than 4.6.0.
```

* Building a .NET 6 Telerik Blazor app with the .NET 8 SDK on a Mac.
* Using a cached old version of `telerik-blazor.js` with up-to-date Telerik UI for Blazor version. In this case, the app may be runnable in one browser and not in another.

## Solution

> To resolve the error, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve the error:
```

* Use a Telerik UI for Blazor version, which is [compatible with .NET 8]({%slug system-requirements%}#supported-net-versions).
* Clear the browser cache.

Clearing the browser cache will reload the `the telerik-blazor.js` file and the error should go away.

If the Telerik UI for Blazor version is up-to-date and the error persists, then clean the solution:

1. Close Visual Studio.
1. Delete all `bin` and `obj` folders in all projects in the solution.
1. Clear the browser cache.
1. Reopen Visual Studio and rebuild the app.

> You can also add a cache buster for your end users, which will have the same effect:

Reviewer: Which will have the same effect as what?
```suggestion
You can also add a cache buster for your end users, which will have the same effect:
```

`<script src="_content/Telerik.UI.for.Blazor/js/telerik-blazor.js?version{{site.uiForBlazorLatestVersion}}"></script>`

## Notes

> If you receive a `('TelerikBlazor' was undefined)` error after you clear the browser cache, then refer to [`TelerikBlazor` was undefined]({%slug troubleshooting-js-errors%}#telerikblazor-was-undefined).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you receive a `TelerikBlazor was undefined` JavaScript error after you clear the browser cache, then refer to the [documentation about `TelerikBlazor was undefined`]({%slug troubleshooting-js-errors%}#telerikblazor-was-undefined).
```
